Even though I am injured
But still have the strength
But you have no bones and no cultivation
Fighting with me is like courting death
Yingfeng final battle
Let the teacher do it for you
master
You can devote yourself to cultivating your grass bone technique
The rest is up to the apprentice
I have many disciples of Tianyuan Sect
The old man is still there
Shut up and say another word
I want you to be buried with me
Really Yi Feng
You gave most of your body to Bai Lian
I'm afraid it will be difficult to restore the power of Kamitani in three or five days
It was blocked by Tiantianling again
With just a wooden sword
How can I be the opponent of that witch?
It's Xiao Yifeng
Don't be so brave
Do you think you are the only one who can fight my Tianyuan Gate?
I said this contempt
I'll fight you one-on-one
Nothing to do with others
Xiao Yingfeng will go to the last level by himself
You think I dare not hurt you?
Girl, make a move
If I lose one game
The top and bottom of Tianyuan Gate will be handed over to the girl
speak out
This time I just need one
Can break you to pieces
I'm afraid you won't do this
Han Yue grinds her palms tonight
win in one move